This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

mm17-604.TXT

 mm17-604.ZIP

  mm17-604.LMP - UV Maxkills

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -file mm.wad -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Memento Mori Map 17 - House of Thorn
  
  Kills   100% 
  Secrets  85%   and Time = 6:04
                          
  Description:
  Hey, is it really alright to deliberately leave behind a lost soul
that was initially in the level?  If that makes it invalid, I have
a 6:16 run available until someone redues this.
  After doing the speedrun (with 65% kill), I felt I knew the map
well enough to challenge the Max record.  Watching, George's run,
while I credit him with most of the route, there was still room for
improvement.  Tbe running wasn't too good and some shooting could
easily be done faster.  Even if I'd taken the time to obtain
megaspheres, I could probably have betean the time.
  The main way I sped up the run is skipping all the magespheres.
None of them are in sectors actually tagged as secret.  Some things
didn't go the way I wanted to and there's some sloppy shooting but
it strangely works out.  The third hellknight is supposed to go down
in three neat SSG shots but I had to compromise becase I wanted to
nail the shotgunner I missed earlier.  In the yellow key area, I
intended to snag the key and race out so I'd be closer to the
teleporter after dropping the hellknights and baron.  That didn't
happen.  The outside area takes some luck in where the monsters
decide to place themselves.  Anyway, I'm not giving away any more of
my secrets; watch the demo and try to figure them out.  Under six
minutes is certainly possible; there are several instances where I
wasted some seconds.  However, I don't feel like trying for some
time.  100% secrets isn't possible; 85% is the max as there's one
secret sector that's completely inaccessible.
  
  22 March, 2002
  Erwin Lin
  e_lin@coloradocollege.edu