This is a DooM. LMP "Competition" entry - Please forward it...

P3M3-026.TXT

 P3M3-026.ZIP

  P3M3-026.LMP - Ultra Violence PACIFIST

  Recorded using "The Ultimate DooM"

  DooM -PlayDemo with Ultimate DooM
  OR
  DooM -PlayDemo with DooM ver. 1.9

  DooM - Ep.3 Mi.3. - Pandemonium
  Kills      0%
  (Items     0%)
  Secrets   16%  and Time  00:26
                           -----

  Description :-)

Woo! This was a really hard run to do :). I was just idly looking for a more
reliable way of doing p3m3 when I stumbled on this method of doing the end
room and realised that it was actually faster than doing it with a shotgun,
when it works. It's simple - you just push up right to the left hand side of
the door before opening it. On opening the door, you'll find the imp directly
in front of you will invariably turn round and walk away from you. you go
straight in and go left straight away, hugging the left hand wall. 90% of the
time the imp on the left hand side will walk towards you and trap you there,
but 10% of the time he'll go in a different direction and you'll slide through
the gap towards the exit door. It doesn't work *quite* perfectly in this demo
- when it works perfectly you can hardly tell the imps are there, you just
slide straight round the corner and end up completely unimpeded directly in
front of the exit door. In this demo I just snagged the corner of the last
imp along and had to jerk left slightly, so i ended up against the wall, not
the exit door. Still, it's good enough :). 0:25 is certainly possible, but
you need a TAS quality run - perfect running, a perfect jump (in this one
I drop off rather than flying off, if you see what I mean) and a perfect run
at the exit room. Just in case it's not clear from the rest of this, this is
a speedrun record and a pacifist record. It's also actually a Lemmings-style
run as well, 0% kills under par :). Oh yeah, one more thing...it's a DDQ
beater by 1 second :).

Adam Williamson
adam@scisoft.force9.co.uk
